Qinglan, you finally admit that I am yours
It turns out that he is really with Song Man
Forget it, Bai Meng returns to the city
Where do you intend to go?
That is.
The mess on the ground hasn't been cleaned up yet
It's not that easy to leave
Such a big hotel
Are there any more waiters?
How noble do you think you Xu Xi are than the waiter?
Enough, get on your knees and clean me up
Clean up
Look at women
Guess if he picked it up or not?
OK
I pick it up
What a waste
I can't do this job well
Sure enough.
Left your parents
You can only do menial jobs
How nice. The hand of my creek is a treasure.
Can't work
Yo, I'm wronged.
There's no one here to protect you
Don't come to the eldest lady's set
I finally got into the heroic soul of the pregnancy group
Of course you can't just give up
Oh no.
to say
My hand hurts